Update the instruction for the migration scenario (#3623)
GoogleCloudPlatform/k8s-config-connector: docs/develop-resources/scenarios/migrate-tf-resource-beta.md

# Migrate Terraform/DCL-based Beta to direct Beta

> Config Connector requires the Beta resource to be backward compatible. Thus, we
> have a higher bar on migrating the Beta resource compared to migrating an Alpha
> resource. - In the MockGCP step, we require the Mock GCP to reflect the real GCP
> cases where the current Terraform or DCL based approach uses or depend on to
> make sure the migration is backward compatible (i.e. assigning defaulting value
> to a field, same HTTP errors for matching, etc) - In the API and mapper step, we
> require the migration to happen in two stages: the first stage is to make sure
> all APIs and their behavior are exactly the same after migration (verifying via
> the golden logs). The second stage is to add new fields to make the resource
> up-to-date with what the current GCP service supports. - In the controller step,
> we do not require the direct controller and the Terraform/DCL based controller
> to behave exactly the same, but fixing the legacy or non Kubernetes-native
> problems like merging config back to `spec` (`state-into-spec:merge`), setting
> defaulting on-behalf of users.
> 
> To help the developer better manage the migration, we design the following steps
> to be self-validating and not restricted by the Config Connector release cycles.
> In other words, it is safe for a migration to happen across multiple Config
> Connector releases.

Reviewer: I would rewrite this a bit to say:

```suggestion
Config Connector requires the Beta resource to be backward compatible.  We require the Mock GCP to reflect the real GCP
cases where the current Terraform or DCL based approach uses or depend on to
make sure the migration is backward compatible. Example things to look out for:

* assigning defaulting value
to a field
* having thesame HTTP errors for matching

In the API and mapper step, we
require the migration to happen in two stages: 

- the first stage is to make sure all APIs and their behavior are exactly the same after migration (verifying via
the golden logs)
- The second stage is to add new fields to make the resource up-to-date with what the current GCP service supports. 

In the controller step, we do not require the direct controller and the Terraform/DCL based controller
to behave exactly the same, but fixing the legacy or non Kubernetes-native
problems like merging config back to `spec` (`state-into-spec:merge`), setting
defaulting on-behalf of users.

To help the developer better manage the migration, we design the following steps
to be self-validating and not restricted by the Config Connector release cycles.
In other words, it is safe for a migration to happen across multiple Config
Connector releases.
```

Author: Thank you for the rewrite suggestions. I didn't make any changes to this part of the doc so will copy your change over.

Author: Done.

*   We require the `dependencies.yaml` to cover all referenced fields, and the
    `_http.log` showing the Cloud requests. You need to implement those
    dependencies' MockGCP methods as well.

## Add the backward compatible API

Follow [deep-dives Step 2](../deep-dives/2-define-apis.md). We use the Mock GCP
and Terraform or DCL based controller to verify the API migration is backward
compatible.

The PR shall contain the types and deepcopy codes. It shall make modifications
to make sure the CRDs are the same, because Beta resource has to be backward
compatible.

*   You may need to modify the auto-generated `types.go` to keep the existing
    fields the same (even if it is not following the recommended styles and
    conventions). You can run `dev/tasks/generate-crds` (repeatedly) to make
    sure the CRD are the same. Comment changes to match the latest protobuf are
    recommended as long as the content doesn't contain breaking changes. An
    example of a breaking change would be the comment explicitly says a
    previously optional field `required`.

*   Add `cnrm.cloud.google.com/dcl2crd: "true"` or
    `cnrm.cloud.google.com/tf2crd: "true"` to the API tag

>     [example](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/k8s-config-connector/blob/0bbac86ace6ab2f4051b574f026d5fe47fa05b75/pkg/controller/direct/redis/cluster/roundtrip_test.go#L92),

Reviewer: this is not the right example line right?

Author: Nope. Will find a correct example.

Author: Done.

    to continue using DCL-based or Terraform-based controllers.

*   You may see some new fields added to the CRD. These are expected since the
    Terraform/DCL based resources could be out of date (and users are looking
    forward to these new fields!). You **shall comment out** those new fields
    using `/*NOTYET ..*/` in this PR if they are not supported in the

>     Terraform-based controller yet (we will add them later).

Reviewer: I think some changes here and in other places are just formatting right?

Author: Yes, the change at most places are about formatting. The only real change is:
```
... Comment changes to match the latest protobuf are
recommended as long as the content doesn't contain breaking changes. An
example of a breaking change would be the comment explicitly says a
previously optional field `required`.
```
